
*  The break statement is used to exit—or break out of—the for, for-each, do,
and do-while loops and the switch construct.

*  The continue statement is used to skip the remaining steps in the current
iteration and start with the next loop iteration. The continue statement works
with the for, for-each, do, and do-while loops and the switch construct.

*  When you use the break statement with nested loops, it exits the inner loop.

*  When you use the continue statement with nested loops, it exits the current
iteration of the inner loop.

NB! * A break statement with no label attempts to transfer control to the innermost
enclosing {switch, while, do, or for} statement; this statement, which is called
the break target, then immediately completes normally.

NB! If no switch, while, do, or for statement encloses the break statement,
a compile-time error occurs.

* A break statement with no label attempts to transfer control to the innermost
enclosing {switch, while, do, or for statement; this statement}, which is called
the break target, then immediately completes normally. IF NO while, do, or for
statement ENCLOSES  the break statement, a compile-time error occurs.

* A break statement with label Identifier attempts to transfer control to the
enclosing labeled statement that has the same Identifier as its label;
This statement, which is called the break target, then immediately completes
normally. In this case, the break target need not be a while, do, for, or switch
statement.

* A continue statement with no label attempts to transfer control to the
innermost enclosing {while, do, or for statement; this statement}, which is
called the continue target, then immediately ends the current iteration and
begins a new one. IF NO while, do, or for statement ENCLOSES the continue
statement, a compile-time error occurs.
NOTE: switch statement on its own  doesn't allow continue

* A continue statement with label Identifier attempts to transfer control to
the enclosing labelled statement that has the same Identifier as its label; that
statement, which is called the continue target, then immediately ends the
current iteration and begins a new one. The continue target must be a {while,do,
or for statement} or a compile-time error occurs. If no labelled statement with
Identifier as its label contains the continue statement, a compile-time error
occurs.
NOTE: switch statement on its own  doesn't allow continue
